you
[Music]
passport
the
I'll do the talking
passport
[Music]
what's happening but never but not
economic part major
[Music]
the track coach a job there ya go to
make up I know
[Applause]
I distinctly
and then we say stop the bus yes
stop the bus now shoot the bus I'm very
particular with my words
stop shoot stop shoot do those words
sound say let it go out of control I'm
sorry I didn't hear what you say it got
out of control hot out of control heed
when things get out of control shelves
at least there's a silver lining
he didn't completely fine it up you know
boy I'd recognize those eyes anywhere
I'm so sorry about this this was
supposed to be
we have a party waiting for you but I
don't think I know your name who is this
hmm
is this your plus-one strong silent type
I like it I am terribly embarrassed
about all of this this was supposed to
be very simple but you know but just a
moment I want to get a little sure right
into the camera there we are
awesome
don't worry about a thing my boy this
will soon be behind us it will be off on
a grand adventure because I have cleared
my calendar
you and I
[Music]
should I stay or should I go
pre-order now for a free upgrade to the
limited edition includes three extra
story missions and a bonus Impaler
harpoon gun pre-order now far cry 4
available November 18th 2014
[Music]
you